what's up guys this is Merc music and
I'm bringing you guys hiding spots and
glitches on the brand new black ops DLC
map magma we're going to be starting off
here with a really six spots you come on
top of these rocks and jump over here
you get on top of kind of like an
invisible ledge which allows you to
watch this area over here which i think
is really helpful it'd be really good
for snipers to go and do that over here
we are doing the the tactical insertion
slowly descend and glitch all you need
is attack insert and you need to slowly
make your way off and then fall to your
death and as you fall you need to hold
down on the right trigger and as you do
you'll start slowly falling and you can
see under the map it really isn't too
helpful and it doesn't really let you
get anywhere but it does allow you to
see the underside of the map which is
pretty cool if you come over here you
can use this little alternate access
routes to get in and out of the bus and
you can also get on top of this thing in
the middle just make sure you really
land on that piece otherwise the lava
will kill you and you can use this as
kind of like a little shot spot over to
this window over here as you can see it
took me a while to figure out where it
was but it is right there and also you
can get on top of this if you jump on
top of this ledge you can get on top of
the sign itself which is pretty cool now
we're gonna be moving on to some more
spots on the map kind of like head
glitches and shot spots and stuff like
that so this is a nice little shot spot
you can use with a sniper to kill
enemies who are going through that
doorway over there you come into this
building there are actually a ton of
boxes in here that are Japanese for a
glitch so it is pretty obvious that
you're supposed to hide behind these and
kill people that run through that area
completely exposed while you're hidden
behind those little boxes if you come
over here this is an alternative access
route into this building over here and
you can kill enemies by hiding over
there and this is a really nice jump
shot from this broken-down bus and you
can probably fire off a nice little
noscope and maybe get really lucky and
kill someone over there but that's going
to finish it up for the spots now we're
moving on to the combat act spots for
domination if you line yourself up in
the center of this post over here and
look straight up to a and throw your
combat acts it will kill enemies who are
directly centered on the flag and I
believe for this one my friend was prone
doubt so but you know some of them do
Bank and they're able to kill enemies
who are crouched you're standing up so
just keep that in mind
this map is too small to actually be
able to get a throw over to be you might
be able to find a spot if you try hard
enough however it took us forever to try
to find a spot so we are also decided to
include a school little spot on top of
the bus which you can use and yeah just
try to hit a bank or something if you
want to
on b other than that you might want to
just throw c4s or kill them with your
guns so uh I'm sorry but we really had
nothing for B but we're gonna be
finishing things up here with C flag
throw it's very easy just line yourself
up with that bright green neon vending
machine look straight up to see and you
will kill enemies who are directly on
the center of the C flag if you guys
enjoyed the hiding spots and glitches
for magma make sure to drop a like and
I'll see you guys later
[Music]
you